Fix 'globaly' typo and minor rewordings (#13)
JumboCode/jumbocode-website-overhaul: src/data/about.md

> JumboCode is an organization dedicated to helping non-profits by providing them free, custom, technology to aid their services. JumboCode is based out of Tufts University and works primarily with non-profits in the greater Boston area. The club was founded in 2015 and is 100% run by student volunteers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JumboCode is an organization dedicated to helping non-profits by providing them with free, custom, technology in order to help them continue their great work. JumboCode is based out of Tufts University and works with non-profits all across the United States but primarily in the Greater Boston Area. The club was founded in 2015 and is 100% run by student volunteers.
```

### Our Goals

There are two main goals that encompass our work:

> 1. To support local communities in social and civic endeavorments

Reviewer 2: not your doing but could you also fix "endeavorments"? not a word

2. To empower students with the technological skills to be impactful

### Our Process

> JumboCode projects run throughout the academic school year. In the summer, we work with non-profit organizations to gauge their needs, and brainstorm potential technological solutions. Well-fitting projects are assigned a project lead, who then begins working more closely with their client to plan out the project. Near the end of the summer, project leads begin developing architecture bases for their code bases.

Reviewer 2: Also not your doing, but "well-fitting projects" feels weird for me

Reviewer: Ya I thought the same thing... Will find a change in a sec

> JumboCode projects run throughout the academic school year. In the summer, we work with non-profit organizations to gauge their needs, and brainstorm potential technological solutions. Projects are assigned a project lead, who then begins working more closely with their client to plan out the project. Near the end of the summer, project leads begin developing architecture bases for their code bases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JumboCode projects run throughout the academic school year (September - May). In the summer, we talk with non-profit organizations, gauge their needs, and brainstorm potential technological solutions. Near the end of the summer, selected projects are assigned a project lead, who begins working closely with the non-profit to plan out the project. Shortly after that, the project leads begin developing architecture bases for their code bases.
```

> Teams of around 10 students from a variety of development, design, and management backgrounds are formed in September. These teams work with their client non-profits to develop, deploy, test, and iterate on their projects over the next 9 months.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Teams of around 10 students from a variety of development, design, and management backgrounds are formed in September. These teams work with their respective non-profits to develop, deploy, test, and iterate on their projects over the next 9 months.
```
